# Homework-3
For this assignment, we were given the HTML file, and a couple lines in the JSS. I did not touch the CSS for this project. I started with just thinking the process through of what it takes for the generator to work. After a while of researching different things, I began doing the actual coding. First off, I wanted to declare all my variables in the global aspect. I realize as we go on, I should try to avoid that, but for now it seemed like the best way to do it. There were four different options for the types of charecters that would be included in the password. I first created variables for the input of each of these, then set four different charSet's for them. I then used the "split" function to convert them into arrays. I then began with the prompts. I had to convert the numbers of charecters into a number, so I put number(prompt(...). This makes sure the computer reads it as a number and not a string. I set different alerts if the value was not within the range asked for, and made it reset the function if that happened. I then did the Inputs for the next four options. I used the "confirm" function. The next part I was not sure if there was a quicker way to do it. I researched a couple ways, but could not understand them completely. Basically I ended up making about 15 different "else if " statements for all the combination of possiblities that the user could select. After that, I created the pass variable which would be used too create another variable to create the password. The function to actually make the password took in the arrays that were being used, and using the math floor and math random functions, , it created it. I had some issues throughout, but after going through what each piece of code did, I was able to troubleshoot it, and create what I think, is a well functioning password generator. 
